## Setting Up Your New Mac for Development

These straightforward instructions will help you efficiently configure your new Mac, ensuring that it's ready for productive use. 
Follow each step below to streamline the setup process.

### Step 1: Install Apple's Command Line Tools

Before proceeding, you need to install Apple's Command Line Tools. Open your terminal and execute the following command:

```zsh
xcode-select --install
```
This step is crucial as it provides essential development tools for your Mac.

### Step 2: Creating a Logs Folder

In this step, we'll create a 'logs' folder within the 'scripts' directory. This folder will be useful for storing logs generated by various processes.
Execute the following command:
```zsh
cd scripts

mkdir logs
```


### Step 3: Installing Homebrew and Creating Symlinks

We'll use Homebrew, a powerful package manager for macOS, to install essential software.
You have two options to complete this step: using an install script or doing it manually.
## You can use install script or do it manually.

### Using the Install Script

```zsh
# Change your directory to the 'scripts' folder:
cd scripts

# Run the install script:
bash install.sh
```

The Install script automates the Homebrew installation and Symlinks setup, making the process quick and hassle-free.

### Manual Method

If you prefer a more hands-on approach, follow these steps:

```zsh
# Install Homebrew:
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"

# Install the software listed in your Brewfile:
brew bundle --file ~/.dotfiles/Brewfile

# Create symbolic links (symlinks) for configuration files:
ln -s ~/.dotfiles/.zshrc ~/.zshrc
ln -s ~/.dotfiles/.gitconfig ~/.gitconfig

```
By following these steps, you'll have a well-configured Mac with essential tools and software ready to go.
